AdRoll Documentation (#573)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/marketing/adroll.mdx

---
title: "AdRoll"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to AdRoll.
---

# AdRoll

> **AdRoll** is a digital and growth marketing platform that lets you display relevant ads, engage with your customers, and grow your revenue.

Author: ```suggestion
[AdRoll](https://www.adroll.com/) is a digital and growth marketing platform that lets you display relevant ads, engage with your customers, and grow your revenue.
```

> **AdRoll** is a digital and growth marketing platform that lets you display relevant ads, engage with your customers, and grow your revenue.

Author: Added the link.

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on creating new audiences in AdRoll and getting the audience segment ID, refer to the <a href="#faq">FAQ</a> section below.
</div>

<div class="infoBlock">

When sending events via the device mode, RudderStack lets you specify which events should be discarded or allowed to flow through. For more information, refer to the <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/event-filtering/"  target="_blank">Client-side Event Filtering</a> guide.
</div>

- **Use device mode to send events**: As this is a device mode-only destination, this setting is enabled by default and cannot be disabled.

## Identify 

The [`identify`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/identify/) method lets you identify a user and associate them to their actions. It also lets you record any traits about them like their name, email, etc.

A sample `identify` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("1hKOmRA4GRlm",{
    "email": "alex@example.com"
})
```

> RudderStack uses the `identify` call to set a `userId` which is passed to AdRoll every time a subsequent `track` call is made. If the `email` trait is present in the `identify` call, RudderStack maps it to AdRoll's `window._adroll_email` property.

Reviewer: If the `email` trait is present in the `identify` call, RudderStack maps it to AdRoll's `window._adroll_email` property.

Can we have:
`email` is necessary for a successful identify call, We are mapping `email` to AdRoll's `window._adroll_email` property.

Author: Made this change and highlighted as an information box.

> RudderStack uses the `identify` call to set a `userId` which is passed to AdRoll every time a subsequent `track` call is made. If the `email` trait is present in the `identify` call, RudderStack maps it to AdRoll's `window._adroll_email` property.

Author: ```suggestion
RudderStack uses the `identify` call to set a `userId` which is passed to AdRoll every time a subsequent `track` call is made. 

<div class="infoBlock">

<code class="inline-code">email</code> is a required attribute for successfully making an <code class="inline-code">identify</code> call. RudderStack maps <code class="inline-code">email</code> to AdRoll's <code class="inline-code">window._adroll_email</code> property.
</div>
```

---
title: "AdRoll"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to AdRoll.
---

# AdRoll

[AdRoll](https://www.adroll.com/) is a digital and growth marketing platform that lets you display relevant ads, engage with your customers, and grow your revenue.

RudderStack supports AdRoll as a destination to which you can seamlessly send your event data.

> 

Author: this is a web device mode destination, so that transformer code isn't applicable here. It's applicable only for cloud mode.
